We've talked about recursion and sorting we have a few more to go.
And in this section we're going to talk about searching and traversal including breadth first search
and depth first search searching is something we do a lot on our computers.
When we talked about sorting some of you may have been like man it doesn't really sound that useful
but searching.
We use that every day don't we.
We look for files on our computer.
WE RUN command af and search for things search for words and documents we search Google we search youtube
we search hashtags on Twitter and Instagram searching is a big part of our lives.
But how are all these computers and programs able to search things so fast.
There's more and more data in this world more and more Web sites to search for.
How are we able to do these things so fast.
How is Google able to do these things so fast.
Well in this section we're going to build this foundation of how it all works.
And we're going to be talking about a few types of searching and traversal and hopefully by the end
of it all you're going to understand how places like Facebook Google and Google Maps work.
When it comes to searching at a fundamental level let's get started.